For this back here in this demo workflow,
it's worth taking a closer look
at this workflow to understand what it's doing.
It's named Deploy website,
but of course the name isn't too important,
and it will be activated when we push to the main branch.
And then we got three jobs in there:
A test job, a build job, and a deploy job.
Now the deploy job is just logging some dummy message
to the console, so to the terminal.
But the test job does something useful, actually.
It gets the code, installs dependencies,
and then runs the linting and testing scripts
to validate whether our code is written correctly
and works as intended.
The build job then runs after the test job
because it needs the test job.
And you learned earlier that you can run jobs
after each other with help of that needs configuration
instead of running them in parallel.
And then in this build job, I also get the code.
We also install the dependencies,
but then we run the build script.
And this build script here,
for this demo project which I'm providing to you,
will actually produce some output files.
And to see which files will be produced,
I will run it locally here.
After installing the dependencies,
if I run npm run build, this script,
or this command will produce this dist folder,
and it would be the contents of this dist folder
that would be uploaded to some web server,
some web host, to host this website.
Which is being built here.
So that's the output of this build step.
And of course, it would be reasonable
to assume that we want access to these produced files,
because they don't help us that much
if they only live inside of that workflow
and on that runner machine.
Because once our workflow is finished
the runner machine will be shut down
and these produced files will be lost.
So it would be great if we could store these produced files,
such that we as a user can download them
and so that we can inspect them, test them locally,
or upload to some web hosting provider.
We also might want to use them in this deploy job,
but that will be the second step,
where we then access those files automatically.
As a first step let's make sure that
we can store these produced files and access them manually.
And of course this dist folder, in the end,
is the artifact produced by this build job.
Or the contents of this dist folder
are the artifacts, if we wanna put it like this.
So we wanna store this dist folder as an artifact
and to do this we can simply add a new step here.